# Personal-Diet
A) Create an HTML form (with appropriate attributes) to gather the following information:
firstName, lastName, dateOfBirth (int year, int month, int day), height (int metres and int centimeters), and weight (int kilograms, int grams). Apart from the text fields, the form should have a Submit button which when clicked executes the JSP named allInfo.jsp.                                                                                         
B) Create allInfo.jsp to pick up the information from the form and display it on the console. The JSP should declare String variables for firstName and lastName, int variables for the year, month and day of birth, and two ints to hold the height (metres, centimetres), and two ints to hold the weight (kilograms, grams). Now, if the height entered in the form is 2m 1cm it should be recorded and displayed as the double value 2.01 m. Similarly, the height of 2m and 10 cm should be displayed as 2.10m.                                                                                                                                                                                               
C) For this part you may assume that the dateOfBirth recorded in A and B above, is after Jan 1, 1970. Create a method in your JSP to also display the approximate number of milliseconds between the date of birth recorded in part B above, and Jan 1, 1970. To do this calculation you may assume that every intervening year has 365.25 days, and each day has 86400 seconds. (To convert seconds to milliseconds multiply by 1000.) Store your result in a long. 
Next, using the call System.currentTimeMillis (), which returns the long number of milliseconds from Jan 1, 1970, compute and display the age of the person in milliseconds.                                                           
D) Modify your JSP to generate 10 unique random integers between 0 and 99. Use the largest of these integers to divide the number of milliseconds computed in C above. If the division leaves no remainder, your program should print “Wow! Wonderful!”, else it should print “Good!”
